Improve README and remove the remaining references to the laboratory-operator (#401)
netgroup-polito/CrownLabs: infrastructure/file-sharing/README.md

Here is the [Github repo](https://github.com/zorn-v/nextcloud-social-login) of the application.

### Clients

> There are different clients available on the [official website](https://nextcloud.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clients for different platforms are available on the [official website](https://nextcloud.com).
```
